I don’t want it, don’t you dare hit me,
Damn it, you dare to hit me?
This one is for you to maintain.
Make no distinction between right and wrong. This one,
What I'm trying to do is that you don't do all the good deeds in your mind.
This one is for you to wish for life and pass on,
Keep your head in check. convenient,
You dare to hit me a few times, you are just pretending to eat,
Can't do it anymore. No wonder this Dragon Group can't even remember the lyrics.
Just because there is one size,
Occupying the hair pit is not rubbish. Some of the Dragon Group's resources can support me.
So rude to me
What a shameful joke
I won’t remember it with you for now